How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing a diff between two versions of a file help me to see the bug that was introduced efficiently.
    Using the 'log diff' command, i can easily spot the bug and make necessary changes without me going 
    through the code step by step.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient 
    programmer because you can always at anytime go through the history to fish out
    something when there is a problem with the new file. It makes the programmer efficient
    in carrying out his/her work .

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The advantage of manually choosing when to create a commit like you do in Git
    help to save the situation of saving irrelevant changes made to a file.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allow saving multiple files in one commit so that one can have the files
    together in one piece and with comments indicating what each commit did, 
    thereby making the files smarter other than being bulky. One will have one
    logical or meaningful per each commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log command provides the various commit history of a file and git diff 
    command help to see the different between two file via their commit history.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Very Confident, knowing i can always go back to the version my file was 
    after new changes had break something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try using Git for saving my codes in the cloud so i can be rest assured
    i have a good backup of my files, i also want to use to explore how i can have different
    versions of my file without affecting the main (master) file.